---
title: "ExCel London leads the way for a sustainable future with robots"
description: "ExCel London trials Lionel floor marking"
tags: ["All", "Lionel", "Exhibitions"]
image: "/PR_Excel.webp"
seo:
  title: "ExCel London leads the way for a sustainable future with robots"
  description: "ExCel London trials Lionel floor marking"
  keywords: ["Exhibitions", "Floormarking", "ExCel London", "Excel London"]
author: "Vuyo Makhuva"
created: "2022-11-11"
---

_London, UK – ExCeL London, the home of world-leading events, announced they are deploying the world’s most advanced floor marking robots to complete the floor layout of Event Tech Live 2022. Featuring two flagship Lionel robots, this will be the first real-world exhibition floor marking job in the UK._

## Cleaner and better floor marking

The introduction of robotic floor marking reflects ExCeL London’s commitment to operational excellence and sustainability. This method of floor marking vastly reduces the quantity of consumable materials and energy used. The robots are supplied by August Robotics, the world leader in autonomous commercial robotic applications.

## The Exhibition industry is embracing automation

August Robotics has supported dozens of exhibition centres with over 130,000 marks made globally. ExCeL London is one of the first venues to operate Lionel, as Lionel robots were previously only offered as part of a floor marking service.
<br/><br/>
Of the partnership, August Robotics’ CEO and founder Alex Wyatt said, “We are absolutely delighted to partner with ExCeL London as one of Lionel’s first lease clients. ExCeL London are leaders in innovation and we’re proud to partner with them to advance a sustainable exhibition future with our technology. Our team has made tremendous strides to make the robots simple to use; we’re excited for ExCeL London to enjoy all the advantages of autonomous floor marking.”
<br/><br/>

### **About August Robotics**

<br/>
August Robotics is an international mobile robotics company with a mission to build a suite
of application-specific robots to automate workflows for businesses. August Robotics
believes in the potential for robots and humans to collaborate and co-operate, enhancing
business workflows in a manner that benefits people and businesses across the economy.
Lionel, its flagship robot, is an autonomous floor marking robot available to businesses in
the exhibition and construction industry. For more information visit: <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://www.augustrobotics.com">www.augustrobotics.com</a> 
<br/><br/><br/>

---

<br/><br/>
<strong>Press Contact</strong><br/>
Vuyo Makhuvha<br/>
Chief Marketing Officer, August Robotics<br/>
vuyo@augustrobotics.com
