---
title: "Leipzig Messe Leads the Exhibition Industry with their Own Floor Marking Robots"
description: "Leipzig Germany – August Robotics, the world’s leading autonomous commercial robotics company, announced a successful launch of their Lionel Lease offering in partnership with the renowned exhibition venue Leipzig Messe. The Lionel robots are now available for lease to exhibition clients anywhere in the world."
tags: ["All", "Lionel"]
image: "/PR - Leipzigger Messe employee using Lionel for floor marking.jpg"
seo:
  title: "Leipzig Messe Leads the Exhibition Industry with their Own Floor Marking Robots"
  description: "Leipzig Germany – August Robotics, the world’s leading autonomous commercial robotics company, announced a successful launch of their Lionel Lease offering in partnership with the renowned exhibition venue Leipzig Messe. The Lionel robots are now available for lease to exhibition clients anywhere in the world."
  keywords: ["Exhibitions", "Floormarking", "Leipzigger Messe", "Leipzig"]
author: "Vuyo Makhuva"
created: "2023-03-22"
---

_Leipzig, Germany – August Robotics, the world’s leading autonomous commercial robotics
company, announced a successful launch of their Lionel Lease offering in partnership with
the renowned exhibition venue Leipzig Messe. The Lionel robots are now available for lease
to exhibition clients anywhere in the world._

## Leipzig Messe – an early adopter

Leipzig Messe are an innovative early <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://www.exhibitions.augustrobotics.com">Lionel</a> customer. For more than two years, Leipzig
Messe has relied on Lionel’s floor marking for numerous exhibitions. In this time, they have
offered valuable feedback and ideas to improve Lionel’s capabilities. As one of the world’s
top 50 exhibition companies, Leipzig Messe was the perfect fit as Lionel’s first lease
customer worldwide.
<br/><br/>
Leipzig Messe provided on-site training for their personnel over the course of three days. All
Leipzig Messe personnel completed their training successfully and immediately deployed
Lionel to mark their upcoming exhibitions.

## Immediate results and ROI

Within their first week of Lionel operation, the Leipzig Messe team had made 4,200 marks
using two Lionel robots – with 1,000 of those marks completed without any supervision
from August Robotics. This is a remarkable achievement and demonstrates <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://youtu.be/zyjLYpLSicc">how simple
Lionel is to use</a> and how rapidly Lionel can deliver returns for exhibition customers.
<br/><br/>
The Leipzig Messe team has fully embraced the technology and it has now become an
integral tool in their exhibition build process. “The floor marking robots from August
Robotics enable us to take another step towards innovative trade fair services. Measuring
the halls requires the highest precision and is the basis for the smooth set-up of our trade
and public fairs. Our initial experience has shown that the Lionel robots meet these
requirements perfectly. They have become an important tool in trade fair preparation," says
Markus Geisenberger, Managing Director of Leipzig Messe.

## The Lease Model – the culmination of months of innovation

To allow customers to lease and operate the robots themselves, August Robotics had to
streamline all technical and operational aspects of using Lionel robots. From a technical and
operational perspective, the robots have been simplified to the point where anyone can use
and maintain the robots after just a few hours of training. They are now fully operated via a
user-friendly tablet interface and do not require any coding or technical knowledge.
August Robotics provides clients with everything they need to succeed including
comprehensive training and ongoing support. By allowing customers to self-serve, August
Robotics has made its world-leading robot technology easily accessible to clients anywhere
in the world.
<br/><br/>
Creating this Lease offering has required extensive innovation and teamwork within August
Robotics. The successful launch of the Lease offering has been extremely gratifying for
everyone involved.
<br/><br/>
“We are impressed with how quickly Leipzig Messe has become proficient with Lionel. Their
team really immersed themselves into the training sessions and now they are deploying the
robots as effectively as we can! It is amazing that we can provide a productized lease
solution even when the underlying technology is so advanced. The successful launch with
Leipzig Messe is a big milestone for our company and we’re excited to bring Lionel to more
exhibitions around the world.”
<br/><br/>

_- Leo Li, Chief Product Officer, August Robotics_

<br/><br/>

### **About August Robotics**

<br/>
August Robotics is an international mobile robotics company with a mission to build a suite
of application-specific robots to automate workflows for businesses. August Robotics
believes in the potential for robots and humans to collaborate and co-operate, enhancing
business workflows in a manner that benefits people and businesses across the economy.
Lionel, its flagship robot, is an autonomous floor marking robot available to businesses in
the exhibition and construction industry. For more information visit: <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://www.augustrobotics.com">www.augustrobotics.com</a> 
<br/><br/><br/>

---

<br/><br/>
<strong>Press Contact</strong><br/>
Vuyo Makhuvha<br/>
Chief Marketing Officer, August Robotics<br/>
vuyo@augustrobotics.com
