---
title: "Lionel for Construction launches at Build 23 Expo"
description: "August Robotics was proud to launch Lionel for Construction in the US market at the 2023 annual AWCI Build convention and expo"
tags: ["All", "Lionel", "Construction"]
image: "/PR_AWCI.webp"
seo:
  title: "Lionel for Construction launches at AWCI Build 23 expo"
  description: "August Robotics was proud to launch Lionel for Construction in the US market at the 2023 annual AWCI Build convention and expo"
  keywords: ["Construction", "layout", "Build23", "AWCI"]
author: "Sanjay Subramaniam"
created: "2023-03-13"
---

_Las Vegas, USA – August Robotics, the world’s leading autonomous commercial robotics
company, announced the commercial launch of their Lionel for Construction at AWCI Build 23 Expo._

## Lionel – Ready for Construction Layout

With its precise and flexible floor marking capabilities and rugged chassis, Lionel is equipped to mark any site.<br class="hidden lg:block"/>
Having firmly cemented its position as the leading marking solution in the exhibition industry, Lionel is now expanding into construction.
<br/><br/>
Construction sites present numerous hazards that would thwart most robotic applications. However Lionel was built tough enough to handle these with ease. Its rugged wheels and chassis can easily traverse rough and uneven surfaces. Featuring industry leading obstacle navigation and safety features Lionel can also safely work around people and equipment.
<br/><br/>
Further, Lionel’s spray marking mechanism can paint just about anything - from drywall track to MEP symbols.
<br/><br/>
This means Lionel can work on any site while maintaining its fully autonomous capabilities - even on cluttered and dusty sites.

## Build 23 - amazing conversations

The annual Build show is the flagship event for the Association of Wall and Ceiling Industry (AWCI) in the USA. Held this year in Las Vegas, it is the premiere exhibition for contractors, suppliers and manufacturers in the wall and ceiling trades.
<br/><br/>
August Robotics was proud to launch its Lionel for Construction offering at the event. Featuring a live Lionel demo and the opportunity to meet key personnel, the team was inundated with requests for trials and questions about Lionel.
<br/><br/>
The fantastic reception to Lionel shows a growing awareness around the benefits of automation in the construction industry. In the exhibitions space, Lionel is delivering full floorplan markings in 1/10th of the time of manual methods and allowing labour to be utilized more effectively. Having conducted several trials on real construction jobs, Lionel is already delivering stellar results.

## Construction trials - available for US contractors

General contractors and trade sub-contractors are booking Lionel to mark layout on their sites. Requests have been varied with site locations including a college stadium renovation and a LNG compression station. If contractors are looking to trial the world's toughest layout robot on their site, they can put in a booking request here: <a class="underline text-arprimary" href="https://form.formcan.com/frxpr3pji4d/">Booking form</a>

<br/><br/>

### **About August Robotics**

<br/>
August Robotics is an international mobile robotics company with a mission to build a suite
of application-specific robots to automate workflows for businesses. August Robotics
believes in the potential for robots and humans to collaborate and co-operate, enhancing
business workflows in a manner that benefits people and businesses across the economy.
Lionel, its flagship robot, is an autonomous floor marking robot available to businesses in
the exhibition and construction industry. For more information visit: <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://www.augustrobotics.com">www.augustrobotics.com</a> 
<br/><br/><br/>

---

<br/><br/>
<strong>Press Contact</strong><br/>
Sanjay Subramaniam<br/>
Marketing Lead, August Robotics<br/>
sanjay@augustrobotics.com
