---
title: "Announcement - UFI Next Generation Leader Program Grant Win"
description: "Congratulations to Nadja for being selected to join the 2024 UFI NGL Program"
tags: ["All", "Exhibitions", "Construction"]
image: "/newsImages/june24/500kcover.png"
seo:
  title: "Announcement - UFI Next Generation Leader Program Grant Win"
  description: "Congratulations to Nadja for being selected to join the 2024 UFI NGL Program"
  keywords:
    [
      "Exhibitions",
      "Record",
      "Technology",
      “robot”,
      "Floor Marking",
      "UFI",
      "Next Generation Leaders",
    ]
author: "Sanjay Subramaniam"
created: "2024-06-10"
---

_Dusseldorf, Germany – August Robotics, a leader in Exhibition Automation Solutions announced that their Europeaan Business Development Manager, Nadja Ella Hutton-Mills has been selected for the 2024 prestigious UFI Next Generation Leaders Program_

## Next Generation Leadership

We are delighted to announce that Nadja Ella Hutton-Mills (Business Development Manager for Europe and MEA), has been selected to participate in the prestigious UFI 2024 Next Generation Leader program.<br/><br/>

This program is offered by UFI, the leading global trade association for the exhibition and events industry, representing 861 member organizations across 87 countries. The Next Generation Leaders (NGL) program is an initiative designed to identify and nurture emerging talent within the international exhibition sector, providing them with a platform to influence its strategic direction.
<br/><br/>

## Nurturing talent from across the Exhibition Industry

Nadja will be joining a select group of peers from across the industry, who will delve into the strategic and operational implications of Artificial Intelligence's rise on exhibitions and business events. Hailing from diverse backgrounds and possessing unique skillsets, the NGL cohort are on a mission to formulate groundbreaking ideas and strategies that will shape the industry for years to come.<br/><br/>

With her first-hand experience working with robotics and guiding large organizations in adopting automation technologies, Nadja is uniquely qualified for this opportunity. She has witnessed first-hand the transformative power of AI beyond its immediate positive impacts on operational efficiency and countering resource constraints.<br/><br/>

## Preparing Exhibitions for rapid technological change

It is a fantastic opportunity for Nadja and August Robotics to contribute to this remarkable industry and assist in its readiness for the upcoming AI revolution.<br/><br/>

Nadja’s excited to have the opportunity to positively influence the industry in embracing automation and AI<br/><br/>

Congratulations again to Nadja and best of luck to you and your peers in the NGL 2024 cohort!<br/><br/>

<!-- <ul class="list-disc">
    <li>Millimetre-accurate marking of a range of marks including booth corners and numbers, rigging points, electrical outlets and bespoke labels</li>
    <li>Intelligent fleet operations with multiple Lionel robots working in unison</li>
    <li>Advanced navigation and obstacle avoidance in large spaces</li>
</ul> -->

<br/><br/><br/>
See Lionel in action on YouTube: <a class="text-arprimary underline" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZ6V5p8p-QM&list=PLgOl--mUZs9kDulfYyzCGTAybi2yalkMM">Youtube Lionel Playlist</a>

<br/><br/><br/>

---

<br/><br/>
<strong>Press Contact</strong><br/>
Sanjay Subramaniam<br/>
Marketing Lead, August Robotics<br/>
sanjay@augustrobotics.com
